joash was seven years old when he became
joash was seven years old when he became King and he reigned 40 years in
King and he reigned 40 years in
King and he reigned 40 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was zippier
Jerusalem his mother's name was zippier
Jerusalem his mother's name was zippier of Beersheba joash did what was right in
of Beersheba joash did what was right in
of Beersheba joash did what was right in the sight of the Lord all the days of
the sight of the Lord all the days of
the sight of the Lord all the days of jehoiada the priest and jehoiada took
jehoiada the priest and jehoiada took
jehoiada the priest and jehoiada took two wives for him and he had sons and
two wives for him and he had sons and
two wives for him and he had sons and daughters now it happened after this
daughters now it happened after this
daughters now it happened after this that joash set his heart on repairing
that joash set his heart on repairing
that joash set his heart on repairing the house of the Lord then he gathered
the house of the Lord then he gathered
the house of the Lord then he gathered the priest from the Levites and said to
the priest from the Levites and said to
the priest from the Levites and said to them go out to the cities of Judah and
them go out to the cities of Judah and
them go out to the cities of Judah and gather from all Israel money to repair
gather from all Israel money to repair
gather from all Israel money to repair the house of your God from year to year
the house of your God from year to year
the house of your God from year to year and see that you do it quickly
and see that you do it quickly
and see that you do it quickly however the Levites did not do it
however the Levites did not do it
however the Levites did not do it quickly so the king called cahaya the
quickly so the king called cahaya the
quickly so the king called cahaya the chief priests why have you not required
chief priests why have you not required
chief priests why have you not required the Levites to bring in from Judah and
the Levites to bring in from Judah and
the Levites to bring in from Judah and from Jerusalem the collection according
from Jerusalem the collection according
from Jerusalem the collection according to the commandment of Moses the servant
to the commandment of Moses the servant
to the commandment of Moses the servant of the Lord and of the Assembly of
of the Lord and of the Assembly of
of the Lord and of the Assembly of Israel for the tabernacle of witness for
Israel for the tabernacle of witness for
Israel for the tabernacle of witness for the sons of Atholl I that wicked woman
the sons of Atholl I that wicked woman
the sons of Atholl I that wicked woman had broken into the house of God and had
had broken into the house of God and had
had broken into the house of God and had also presented all the dedicated things
also presented all the dedicated things
also presented all the dedicated things of the house of the Lord to the Bailes
of the house of the Lord to the Bailes
of the house of the Lord to the Bailes then at the king's command
then at the king's command
then at the king's command they made a chest and set it outside at
they made a chest and set it outside at
they made a chest and set it outside at the gate of the house of the Lord and
the gate of the house of the Lord and
the gate of the house of the Lord and they made a proclamation throughout
they made a proclamation throughout
they made a proclamation throughout Judah and Jerusalem to bring to the Lord
Judah and Jerusalem to bring to the Lord
Judah and Jerusalem to bring to the Lord the collection that Moses the servant of
the collection that Moses the servant of
the collection that Moses the servant of God had imposed on Israel in the
God had imposed on Israel in the
God had imposed on Israel in the wilderness then all the leaders and all
wilderness then all the leaders and all
wilderness then all the leaders and all the people rejoiced brought their
the people rejoiced brought their
the people rejoiced brought their contributions and put them into the
contributions and put them into the
contributions and put them into the chest until all had given
chest until all had given
chest until all had given so it was at that time when the chest
so it was at that time when the chest
so it was at that time when the chest was brought to the Kings official by the
was brought to the Kings official by the
was brought to the Kings official by the hand of the Levites and when they saw
hand of the Levites and when they saw
hand of the Levites and when they saw that there was much money that the Kings
that there was much money that the Kings
that there was much money that the Kings scribe and the high priest officer came
scribe and the high priest officer came
scribe and the high priest officer came and emptied the chests and took it and
and emptied the chests and took it and
and emptied the chests and took it and returned it to its place
returned it to its place
returned it to its place thus they did day by day
thus they did day by day
thus they did day by day and gathered money in abundance the king
and gathered money in abundance the king
and gathered money in abundance the king and jehoiada gave it to those who did
and jehoiada gave it to those who did
and jehoiada gave it to those who did the work of the service of the house of
the work of the service of the house of
the work of the service of the house of the Lord and they hired Mason's and
the Lord and they hired Mason's and
the Lord and they hired Mason's and carpenters to repair the house of the
carpenters to repair the house of the
carpenters to repair the house of the Lord and also those who worked in iron
Lord and also those who worked in iron
Lord and also those who worked in iron and bronze to restore the house of the
and bronze to restore the house of the
and bronze to restore the house of the Lord
Lord
Lord so the workmen labored and the work was
so the workmen labored and the work was
so the workmen labored and the work was completed by them they restored the
completed by them they restored the
completed by them they restored the house of God to its original condition
house of God to its original condition
house of God to its original condition and reinforced it when they had finished
and reinforced it when they had finished
and reinforced it when they had finished they brought the rest of the money
they brought the rest of the money
they brought the rest of the money before the king and jehoiada they made
before the king and jehoiada they made
before the king and jehoiada they made from it articles for the house of the
from it articles for the house of the
from it articles for the house of the Lord
Lord
Lord articles for serving and offering spoons
articles for serving and offering spoons
articles for serving and offering spoons and vessels of gold and silver and they
and vessels of gold and silver and they
and vessels of gold and silver and they offered burnt offerings in the house of
offered burnt offerings in the house of
offered burnt offerings in the house of the Lord continually all the days of
the Lord continually all the days of
the Lord continually all the days of jehoiada but jehoiada grew old and was
jehoiada but jehoiada grew old and was
jehoiada but jehoiada grew old and was full of days and he died
full of days and he died
full of days and he died he was 130 years old when he died
he was 130 years old when he died
he was 130 years old when he died and they buried him in the City of David
and they buried him in the City of David
and they buried him in the City of David among the Kings because he had done good
among the Kings because he had done good
among the Kings because he had done good in Israel both toward God and his house
in Israel both toward God and his house
in Israel both toward God and his house now after the death of jehoiada the
now after the death of jehoiada the
now after the death of jehoiada the leaders of Judah came and bowed down to
leaders of Judah came and bowed down to
leaders of Judah came and bowed down to the king and the King listened to them
the king and the King listened to them
the king and the King listened to them therefore they left the house of the
therefore they left the house of the
therefore they left the house of the Lord God of their fathers and served
Lord God of their fathers and served
Lord God of their fathers and served wooden images and idols and wrath came
wooden images and idols and wrath came
wooden images and idols and wrath came upon Judah and Jerusalem because of
upon Judah and Jerusalem because of
upon Judah and Jerusalem because of their trespass yet he sent prophets to
their trespass yet he sent prophets to
their trespass yet he sent prophets to them to bring them back to the Lord and
them to bring them back to the Lord and
them to bring them back to the Lord and they testified against them but they
they testified against them but they
they testified against them but they would not listen then the Spirit of God
would not listen then the Spirit of God
would not listen then the Spirit of God came upon Zechariah the son of jehoiada
came upon Zechariah the son of jehoiada
came upon Zechariah the son of jehoiada the priest who stood above the people
the priest who stood above the people
the priest who stood above the people thus says God why do you transgress the
thus says God why do you transgress the
thus says God why do you transgress the commandments of the Lord so that you
commandments of the Lord so that you
commandments of the Lord so that you cannot prosper because you have forsaken
cannot prosper because you have forsaken
cannot prosper because you have forsaken the Lord he also has forsaken you
so they conspired against him and at the
so they conspired against him and at the command of the king they stoned him with
command of the king they stoned him with
command of the king they stoned him with stones in the court of the house of the
stones in the court of the house of the
stones in the court of the house of the Lord
so George the king I did not remember
so George the king I did not remember the tightness which drew Hoya to his
the tightness which drew Hoya to his
the tightness which drew Hoya to his father had done to him but killed his
father had done to him but killed his
father had done to him but killed his son and as he died he said so it
son and as he died he said so it
son and as he died he said so it happened in the spring of the year that
happened in the spring of the year that
happened in the spring of the year that the army of Syria came up against him
the army of Syria came up against him
the army of Syria came up against him and they came to Judah and Jerusalem and
and they came to Judah and Jerusalem and
and they came to Judah and Jerusalem and destroyed all the leaders of the people
destroyed all the leaders of the people
destroyed all the leaders of the people from among the people and sent all their
from among the people and sent all their
from among the people and sent all their spoil to the king of damascus for the
spoil to the king of damascus for the
spoil to the king of damascus for the army of the syrians came with a small
army of the syrians came with a small
army of the syrians came with a small company of men but the Lord delivered a
company of men but the Lord delivered a
company of men but the Lord delivered a very great army into their hand because
very great army into their hand because
very great army into their hand because they had forsaken the Lord God of their
they had forsaken the Lord God of their
they had forsaken the Lord God of their fathers
fathers
fathers so they executed judgment against Jewish
so they executed judgment against Jewish
so they executed judgment against Jewish and when they had withdrawn from him for
and when they had withdrawn from him for
and when they had withdrawn from him for they left him severely wounded his own
they left him severely wounded his own
they left him severely wounded his own servants conspired against him because
servants conspired against him because
servants conspired against him because of the blood of the sons of jehoiada the
of the blood of the sons of jehoiada the
of the blood of the sons of jehoiada the priest and killed him on his bed so he
priest and killed him on his bed so he
priest and killed him on his bed so he died and they buried him in the City of
died and they buried him in the City of
died and they buried him in the City of David but they did not bury him in the
David but they did not bury him in the
David but they did not bury him in the tombs of the Kings these are the ones
tombs of the Kings these are the ones
tombs of the Kings these are the ones who conspired against him
who conspired against him
who conspired against him zaiba the son of shaniyah
zaiba the son of shaniyah
zaiba the son of shaniyah the ammonite is Anjou has Abed the son
the ammonite is Anjou has Abed the son
the ammonite is Anjou has Abed the son of shem ruth the moabite is now
of shem ruth the moabite is now
of shem ruth the moabite is now concerning his sons and the many
concerning his sons and the many
concerning his sons and the many articles about him and the repairing of
articles about him and the repairing of
articles about him and the repairing of the house of God indeed they are written
the house of God indeed they are written
the house of God indeed they are written in the annals of the book of the kings
in the annals of the book of the kings
in the annals of the book of the kings then Amaziah his son reigned in his
then Amaziah his son reigned in his
then Amaziah his son reigned in his place
place
place [Music]